Add installation documentation for manual deployments. (#647)
thehyve/glowing-bear: docs/installation.md

KEYCLOAK_REALM=example

curl -f --no-progress-meter \
  -d "client_id=${KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_ID}" \
  -d "username=${SYSTEM_USERNAME}" \
  -d "password=${SYSTEM_PASSWORD}" \
  -d 'grant_type=password' \
  -d 'scope=offline_access' \
  "${KEYCLOAK_SERVER_URL}/realms/${KEYCLOAK_REALM}/protocol/openid-connect/token' | jq -r '.refresh_token'
```

The value of the `refresh_token` field in the response is the offline token.

#### Availability check for monitoring

Availability of the Keycloak application can be tested using the following public endpoints:
- The realm specific endpoint `/realms/example/.well-known/openid-configuration` should return status `200`.
- The health endpoint `/health` should return a JSON message with value `UP` in the `status` field:
  ```json
  {
    "status": "UP",
    "checks": [
      {
        "name": "Keycloak database connections health check",
        "status": "UP"
      }
    ]
  }
  ```

### TranSMART API server and database

TranSMART API server requires:
- JDK 8
- a PostgreSQL database server

Installation steps for TranSMART API server:

1. Install the `pg_bitcount` extension, e.g., for PostgreSQL 11:
   ```shell

>    POSTGRESQL_VERSION=12

Reviewer: Not a problem, but seems a bit inconsistent that line above it mentions `e.g., for PostgreSQL 11` and here is `12`

   WantedBy=multi-user.target
   ```

7. Start the service:
   ```shell
   systemctl start gb-backend.service
   ```

### Transmart Packer (export services)

Transmart Packer consists of a worker service that performs the export tasks
and a webapp services that handles export requests, task management and export file downloads.

Transmart Packer requires:
- Python 3.6 or newer
- Redis server

Installation steps for the Transmart Packer services:

1. Ensure that a system user `packer` exists with home directory `/home/packer`.
   ```shell
   adduser --system packer
   ```

2. Create a Python 3 virtual environment in `/home/gb/venv`:
   ```shell
   python3 -m venv venv
   ```

3. Install Transmart Packer:
   ```bash
   source venv/bin/activate
   pip install --no-cache-dir --upgrade "transmart-packer == 0.5.0"
   ```

4. Ensure that you have a valid offline token, for asynchronous data access. See [Offline token](#offline-token).

5. Create a start script `/home/packer/start` with the configuration:
   ```bash
   #!/usr/bin/env bash
   set -e
   here=$(dirname "${0}")
   source ${here}/venv/bin/activate

   export KEYCLOAK_SERVER_URL=https://keycloak.example.com  # CHANGE ME

>    export KEYCLOAK_REALM=transmart  # CHANGE ME

Reviewer: or 
```suggestion
   export KEYCLOAK_REALM=example  # CHANGE ME
```
to be consistent with configs specified for other applications.

       proxy_set_header      X-Forwarded-For $proxy_add_x_forwarded_for;
       proxy_set_header      Proxy "";
       proxy_redirect        default;
     }

     location /api/gb-backend/ {
       proxy_pass            http://localhost:8083/;
       proxy_read_timeout    90s;
       proxy_connect_timeout 90s;
       proxy_send_timeout    90s;
       proxy_set_header      X-Real-IP $remote_addr;
       proxy_set_header      X-Forwarded-For $proxy_add_x_forwarded_for;
       proxy_set_header      Proxy "";
       proxy_redirect        default;
     }

     location /api/transmart-packer/ {
       proxy_pass            http://localhost:8999/;
       proxy_read_timeout    90s;
       proxy_connect_timeout 90s;
       proxy_send_timeout    90s;
       proxy_set_header      X-Real-IP $remote_addr;
       proxy_set_header      X-Forwarded-For $proxy_add_x_forwarded_for;
       proxy_set_header      Proxy "";
       proxy_redirect        default;
     }
   }
   ```
   Please ensure that proper SSL certificates are installed.

5. Reload nginx configuration:
   ```shell
   systemctl reload nginx.service
   ```

#### Availability check for monitoring

> Availability of the Keycloak application can be tested using the following public endpoints:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Availability of the Transmart API and GB backend applications can be tested using the following public endpoints:
```
